since from the moment she's born a man's
daughter is the center of his universe
you give her love you give her
encouragement you watch her grow into a
strong confident woman and then one day
you come face to face with the love of
her life
yeah looks like he works out quite a bit
let me get him up here please please
turn zout her boyfriend is this internet
zillionaire I'm so psyched that
you're out here for the holidays a 15
year old child you won't say
Claire has literally no filter like he's
a really good guy
number one we made love in the hospital
staff opened up like a flower you should
have seen it I shouldn't have seen it
but now I feel like I have no father
would want their daughter with this guy
my instinct is to hug you right now
good night I don't know what his issues
are oh my oh ma I feel like I'm so
normal and a little surprised you said
our Christmas card oh you says happy
holidays and everything says Happy
Holidays I didn't know he put happy
holidays
I guess that's on me forever now and I'm
Christmas Day
I'm guests
and I'd really like it less ya know but
give me a couple days when you over by
Christmas morning you're gonna be
calling me son I'm gonna call you dad
don't think that's gonna happen I think
it's gonna dad I know it won't dad it
was nothing but dad that that stop that
dad what are you talking about yes siree
Bob you could be dating anyone why Larry
happy that kid is wrapping his tentacles
around every member of his family
because of his infants
your mother smoking marijuana this is
not someone we want our daughter Mary I
am gonna take this octopus down you're
gonna say anything to have Stephanie
about to propose all right
you